# Film eCommerce Website

Welcome to an eCommerce Website that targets on products in the Film Industry whether they are new and old, or TV Shows and Films. Since films have undeniably been an influential part of our cultures, societies, and politics from around the world whether they have been banned or not from different government institutions, I wanted to not only show the availability of products but also from the people that worked so hard on making it happen from the page to the magical giant screen. These include Screenwriters, Film Directors, Director of Photographers, Producers, Actresses/Actors, and amongst other positions that are important. Included also are the Film Studios that also made an important contribution on developing, filming, and marketing and distributing their films on wide domestic releases to internationally excited audiences. These studios include the very big to the smaller ones.

There are nav sections on the navbar that have links to the people who contributed on making the films with their profile pictures and names. The goal is that once the users access the website and click on these links is where they would see the films they were a part of. Also included on the navbar are the studios with their logos and names. There is the home section on the navbar to navigate to the main page, a cart logo where it saves any products bought, and a 'more' section that would include different positions from other people whom have made a contribution on developing the films. Lastly, there is the straight-forward 'Films' and 'TV' sections on the navbar where all the available products are shown once accessed.

The type of formats that are available to buy and watch are DVDs, Blu-rays, and 4K UHDs. I did not include the classic VHS format because not many people nowadays have a workable VHS player nor do many companies promote on selling VHS copies for a newly released product.

A database design on MySQL has not been created, but I am on the process of developing one that is Normalized and follows the rules of 1NF, 2NF, and 3NF. Along with that, the Back-End of the website will be developed that includes PHP with MySQL and the possibility of implementing Ajax or JSON to make the website even more dynamically driven.

This is an in-progress project that will be constantly updated until it is done. There are some stuff missing such as some HTML codes on certain pages, missing JavaScript codes, un-polished codes such as the CSS file, and amongst others. This is an in-progress project that will be constantly updated until it is done. Hard work, tears, and perseverance will come if it needs to be good and for myself to fully understand on Web Development. Whatever it takes.

Thank you for visiting this repository, and have fun!